what's up everyone arctic you bring you
guys episode number three of my halo 4
tips and tactics series today I'm going
to be talking about the thruster pack
which is another armor ability that is
centered around mobility now if you guys
remember my previous video I did it on
the jetpack I do plan on doing more
videos on the jetpack but I want to go
through each of the armor abilities
piece by piece so this video is going to
be covering some general tips and some
general tactics that you guys can use
with thruster pack so let's get right
into it now the thruster pack is an
armor ability that literally thrust you
in the direction that you're holding
with the left analog stick I find it to
be more of a defensive ability versus
you know maybe the jet pack that I
considered also be in the mobility
category I found myself typically using
the thruster pack more than a defensive
manner to you know Escape grenades a or
you know get behind cover quickly so I
don't end up dying after being one shot
so the clips that we're looking at right
now are all defensive basically
maneuvering with the thruster pack I see
I'm getting shot across the map and I
think that's red backhauls on a drift so
I jumped towards the ceiling so he can't
see my head and then I thrust backwards
to get some added speed here's another
clip I think this is actually the same
match on a drift have a guy crouch
walking towards me that melees me
surprised me after I get that double
kill and so I back off and thrust around
the corner so you guys see I'm reloading
comes up smacks me and I know I can't
really finish that because there's a
second guy so I'm going to thrust away
and throw my need so I can kind of hide
and get my shields back here's another
clip this is on Haven I'm at the bottom
of the map near trophy and this guy
pushes up mid and start shooting me in
the back so i know that
I can get behind the back of trophy that
I'd be okay so you guys are going to see
I'm going to thrust around the back of
that just so he can't finish me off and
then I'm just going to basically sit and
wait until I get my shields back and
that way I can pop back out and start
fighting two offensive texts i like to
use with the thruster pack our thrust
grenades and thrust melees now the
reason i like to use grenades I
typically use plasma is that the
grenades kind of counteract not being
able to shoot while you're thrusting
because it throws you in the third
person and it makes your opponent have
to react to those grenades so it might
throw them off if you're in a heated
battle and you have a grenade you manage
to throw one and make your opponent miss
or skit a stick like I did there to
perform it it's really easy all you have
to do is just throw your grenade and
then immediately after do your thruster
ability and it looks like it's happening
simultaneously now thrust melee
essentially is the same thing you're
mailing and then thrusting either away
or whatever directs you want to after
you hit your opponent this is really
good and I feel like free for all modes
or if you want to be that guy that's
really aggressive you can kind of get
away with some pretty nasty thrust
melees on people and make them look like
a fool so the last thing I want you guys
to really think about what thruster pack
is the notion of misdirection and how it
can be used in tandem with either launch
pads or gravity lifts and then
misdirecting your jump to fool your
opponent or you know get away and I'm
going to actually make you guys look
down in the description i have a link to
the halo council clicked is a guy over
there that does a lot of thruster pack
videos much more so than me i think you
started the game with the intent of
using the thruster pack and he has some
excellent jumps you guys see i showed a
couple here that you guys can take a
look at and their tips in general are
pretty good as well so hope you guys
enjoyed this video took quite a bit of
time to put this all together so please
as always make sure to LIKE and
subscribe to my channel if you enjoy my
content and until the next time guys I
will catch you later